Add instruction how to use env and build args (#107)
tarantool/testcontainers-java-tarantool: README.md

    private static final TarantoolCartridgeContainer container =
        // Pass the classpath-relative paths of the instances configuration and topology script files
        new TarantoolCartridgeContainer("cartridge/instances.yml", "cartridge/topology.lua")

>             // Optional, "localhost" is default

Author: Fixed

            .withRouterHost("localhost")

>             // Binary port, optional, 3301 is default

Author: Fixed

    }
```

##### Environment variables of cartridge container and build arguments:
###### Build arguments:

This section describes the Docker image build arguments and environment variables inside the container. It is worth 

> noting that all build arguments listed here are passed into environment variables of the same name. At the moment, 

Author: Fixed

the following arguments are available to build the image:

- `CARTRIDGE_SRC_DIR` - directory on the host machine that contains all the .lua scripts needed to initialize and run 

> cartridge. Defaults to `cartridge`. Does not convert to an environment variable.

Author: Fixed

> - `TARANTOOL_WORKDIR` - a directory where all data will be stored: snapshots, wal logs and cartridge config file. 

Author: Fixed

> Defaults to `/app`. Converts to an environment variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.

Author: Fixed

- `TARANTOOL_RUNDIR` -  a directory where PID and socket files are stored. Defaults to `/tmp/run`. Converts to an 
environment variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.
- `TARANTOOL_DATADIR` - a directory containing the instances working directories. Defaults to `/tmp/data`. Converts to 
an environment variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.
- `TARANTOOL_LOGDIR` - the directory where log files are stored. Defaults to `/tmp/log`. Converts to an environment 
- variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.
- `TARANTOOL_INSTANCES_FILE` - path to the configuration file. Defaults to `./instances.yml`. Converts to an environment
variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.
- `START_DELAY` - the time after which cartridge will actually run after the container has started. Converts to an 
environment variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.

You can set the Docker image build arguments using a map, which is passed as an input argument to the constructor when
creating a container in Java code:

> ```java

Author: Fixed

                                                                        String[] pair = toValue.split("=");
                                                                        if (pair.length == 1) {
                                                                            return "null";
                                                                        }
                                                                        return pair[1];
                                                                    }));

        return envMap.entrySet().containsAll(env.entrySet());
    }
}
```

###### Environment variables:

To set an environment variable, use the `withEnv(...)` method of testcontainers API. Full list of variables the 
environments used in cartridge can be found here [link](https://www.tarantool.io/ru/doc/2.11/book/cartridge/cartridge_api/modules/cartridge/).

***Note:*** As shown in the previous section, some build arguments are converted to environment variables and used to
cartridge build at the image build stage.

An example of how to set the `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE` parameter:

> ```java

Author: Fixed

- `TARANTOOL_RUNDIR` -  a directory where PID and socket files are stored. Defaults is `/tmp/run`. Converts to an 
environment variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.
- `TARANTOOL_DATADIR` - a directory containing the instances working directories. Defaults is `/tmp/data`. Converts to 
an environment variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.
- `TARANTOOL_LOGDIR` - the directory where log files are stored. Defaults is `/tmp/log`. Converts to an environment 
- variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.
- `TARANTOOL_INSTANCES_FILE` - path to the configuration file. Defaults is `./instances.yml`. Converts to an environment
variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.
- `START_DELAY` - the time after which cartridge will actually run after the container has started. Converts to an 
environment variable. It is not recommended to override via the `withEnv(...)` method.

You can set the Docker image build arguments using a map, which is passed as an input argument to the constructor when

> creating a container in Java code. See example: [link](https://github.com/tarantool/testcontainers-java-tarantool/blob/8eb53c43e4c00570378de91a1269837448232de8/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/containers/TarantoolCartridgeBootstrapFromLuaWithFixedPortsTest.java#L111-L119).

Reviewer: It renders only by raw link and I updated commit to newer one

```suggestion
creating a container in Java code. See example: https://github.com/tarantool/testcontainers-java-tarantool/blob/355d1e985bd10beca83bc7ca77f919a288709419/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/containers/TarantoolCartridgeBootstrapFromLuaWithFixedPortsTest.java#L111-L119
```

###### Environment variables:

To set an environment variable, use the `withEnv(...)` method of testcontainers API. Full list of variables the 
environments used in cartridge can be found here [link](https://www.tarantool.io/ru/doc/2.11/book/cartridge/cartridge_api/modules/cartridge/#cfg-opts-box-opts).

***Note:*** As shown in the previous section, some build arguments are converted to environment variables and used to
cartridge build at the image build stage.

> An example of how to set the `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE` parameter: [link](https://github.com/tarantool/testcontainers-java-tarantool/blob/8eb53c43e4c00570378de91a1269837448232de8/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/containers/TarantoolCartridgeBootstrapFromLuaWithFixedPortsTest.java#L57-L82).

Reviewer: It renders only by raw link and I updated commit to newer one

```suggestion
An example of how to set the `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE` parameter: https://github.com/tarantool/testcontainers-java-tarantool/blob/355d1e985bd10beca83bc7ca77f919a288709419/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/containers/TarantoolCartridgeBootstrapFromLuaWithFixedPortsTest.java#L57-L82
```
